hi this is pressure Harker let's derive
the area of a circle intuitively we'll
start out by drawing a circle which will
subdivide with 16 wedges we'll rearrange
the wedges into a shape that's more
familiar to us specifically we'll
rearrange them into a rectangular shape
the base of this rectangle is the radius
of the circle and the height is half of
the circumference because both sides
together make up the circle since the
circumference is 2 pi R half of it is PI
R the area of a rectangle is its base
times its height we substitute in the
values and then we multiplied to get the
area of a circle is PI R squared this
formula becomes exact when we make the
slices infinitely small please subscribe
to my channel you can support me on
patreon you can catch me on my blog
minor decisions on Twitter at pressure
Locker and you can get my books at
Amazon